solo learn
A local bakery creates unique cake sets. Each cake set contains three different cakes.
Тoday a customer want a cake set that has minimal calories.
Write a query to sort the cakes by calorie count and select the first 3 cakes from the list to offer the customer.

select name, calories from cakes
order by calories limit 3

You want to rent an apartment and have the following table named Apartments:
Write a query to output the apartments whose prices are greater than the average
and are also not rented, sorted by the 'Price' column.

select * from Apartments
where price > (select avg (price) from Apartments)
and status = 'Not rented'
order by price

Let's help the pilots find out details about their flights.
You are given the following tables named pilots and flights:
Write a query to output the flight ID, full name of the pilot who is responsible for the flight, 
the country where the flight will land, and the duration of the flight (flight_id, fullname, landing_country, duration).

select Pilots.flight_id, Pilots.fullname, flights.landing_country, flights.duration
from Pilots
inner join flights on Pilots.flight_id = flights.id
order by flights.ID

You manage a delivery agency
You want to see the weekly delivery report. 
Write a query to output all customers and their orders in one table (fullname - age - address - amount).

select customers.fullname, customers.age, customers.address, orders.amount
from orders
RIGHT JOIN customers on orders.customerid = customers.id

You manage a zoo. Each animal in the zoo comes from a different country. Here are the tables you have:
1) A new animal has come in, with the following details:
name - "Slim", type - "Giraffe", country_id - 1
Add him to the Animals table.
2) You want to make a complete list of the animals for the zoo’s visitors. 
Write a query to output a new table with each animal's name, type and country fields, sorted by countries.

INSERT INTO Animals 
VALUES ('Slim', 'Giraffe', 1);
SELECT Animals.name, Animals.type, Countries.country 
FROM Animals
INNER JOIN Countries  ON Animals.country_id = Countries.id
ORDER BY Countries.country